December 21Oak Park, Illinois6 P.M.Kevin McCallister, aged seven, wandered through his house,looking for something to do. He was a thin boy, still waitingfor a signiﬁcant growth spurt. He had brown hair and almostall of his adult teeth. Just about every room in the big old three-story brick housewas being used by one McCailister or another. Kevin hadcounted ﬁfteen of them—seven in his family and six in hisUncle Frank's family, and two cousins. And at the momentnone of them wanted Kevin around because they were toobusy packing clothes and wrapping gifts. Tomorrow morningthey were all ﬂying to France to spend Christmas in Paris."Hey, Kevin!" he heard Uncle Frank shout from the study.Frank and his family had arrived from Ohio that afternoon."What?" Kevin shouted back."Come help me with. this VCR," Frank shouted.Kevin wasn't sure he wanted to. Uncle Frank was the bald,chubby brother of Kevin's father, Peter McCallister.Sometimes Uncle Frank picked on Kevin. Still, Kevin hadnothing better to do.He went into the study and found Frank hunched over theVCR. Kevin's cousins Tracy and Heather were sitting on thecouch, Tracy was Frank's daughter. She was blonde and hadbraces. Heather had brown hair and wore a NorthwesternUniversity sweatshirt. Her father and mother had moved to
Paris the previous summer, which was why everyone wasgoing there for Christmas. Tracy and Heather wereteenagers.Kevin quickly identiﬁed the problem with the VCR. "You'vemessed up all the channels, Uncle Frank. How come youdon't know how to use a VCR?" Tracy and Heather giggled. Uncle Frank glanced at the girlsand then turned back to Kevin."How come you don't know how to drive?" he asked back."I'm not old enough to drive," Kevin said. "You're old enoughto use a VCR.""Two points!" Tracy shouted. She and Heather giggled again.Uncle Frank frowned."Think you're pretty smart for a seven-year-old, don't you?"he muttered. "Just get this to work, okay?"Kevin turned the VCR and the TV back to the right channelsand a movie went on. It was an old black-and-whitegangster movie Uncle Frank had brought. Uncle Franksettled back into the sofa with the girls. Kevin started toleave, but then stopped behind the sofa. He'd never seenblack-and-white TV before."Why did they make movies in black and white?" he asked."You still here?" Uncle Frank seemed surprised. "Get goin'.""Why can't I watch?" Kevin asked."You're not old enough," Uncle Frank said.
"How come I'm old enough to ﬁx the VCR, but not oldenough to watch what's on it?" Kevin asked."I said get out of here!" Uncle Frank yelled."I'm telling my mother," Kevin yelled back."Great, just go."Kevin went. Uncle Frank was a jerk. The McCallister house was on a quiet street lined with tallold trees in the fancy Chicago suburb of Oak Park. Thepeople who lived there tended to be well-oﬀ. They liked totravel during holidays like Christmas. The two crooks whosat in the dark van across from the McCallister house wereCounting on it."Just think," said Marv Murchens, gazing at the housesglimmering with colorful Christmas lights. "By tomorrowafternoon almost everyone on this block should be away."Marv was a tall, lanky man with a scruﬀy beard and aconfused look on his face.His partner, Harry Lyme, smiled and his gold tooth glinted.Harry was a short, heavyset man with cropped black hairand a mean scowl."See that house there?" Harry pointed at the McCallisterhouse. "That's the one I really want. I bet it's loaded.""You sure they're goin' away?" Marv asked."We better make sure," Harry said. He got up and went intothe back of the van to change clothes.
"Yeah," Marv said. "No sense robbing the place if the peopleare home."Back in the McCallister house, Kevin's mother Kate was inher bedroom, talking on the phone to her oﬃce while shepacked a suitcase. With her dark wavy hair, black businesssuit, and glittering jewelry, she looked like a character fromDynasty . But then, she was a clothes designer and workedin the fashion business."I don't want any calls while I'm away," Kate was saying."I'm not going to France so I can spend the holidays on thephone."Kevin ran into the room. He knew his mother hated to beinterrupted while she was on the phone, but he was mad ather because she hadn't taken him to Santa's Village thatday to see Santa Claus. Besides, this was more importantthan some dumb phone call."Uncle Frank won't let me watch the movie," he shouted. "If the big kids can, why can't I?""Shush," Kate said. Then to the phone she said, "We putRalphy in the kennel . . . what? No, Ralphy's the dog. I gavethem the oﬃce number in case there's a problem.""But Mom . . ." Kevin tugged at her dress. "It's not even an Rmovie. Uncle Frank's just being a jerk."Kate put her hand over the phone. "If Frank said no, I sayno.""That's not fair," Kevin shouted, but his mother ignored him.Kevin saw that her dresses were laid out on the bed, waitingto be packed for the trip. He ﬂopped down on the bed.
